.planning/STATE.md, before:

# Project State

## Project Reference

See: .planning/PROJECT.md (updated 2026-02-20)

**Core value:** 用户上传一份中文简历，经过结构化提取、日文翻译、人工审核修正后，得到两份符合日本企业招聘标准的PDF简历（履歴書 + 職務経歴書）
**Current focus:** v1.1 Quality & OCR — Phase 8: OCR Support

## Current Position

```
Milestone : v1.1 Quality & OCR
Phase     : 8 — OCR Support
Plan      : 1 of 2 complete
Status    : Phase 8 Plan 1 complete — Tesseract OCR integration
Progress  : [███░░░░░░░] 33% (0/3 phases complete, phase 8 plan 1/2 done)
```

Last activity: 2026-02-20 — Completed 08-01 (Tesseract OCR integration)

## Performance Metrics

| Metric | v1.0 | v1.1 Target |
|--------|------|-------------|
| Phases complete | 5/5 | 0/3 |
| Plans complete | 14/14 | 2/TBD |
| Requirements mapped | 17/17 | 3/9 |
| Phase 08-ocr-support P01 | 5min | 2 tasks | 3 files |

## Accumulated Context

### Decisions

All major decisions logged in PROJECT.md Key Decisions table.

**v1.1 specific:**
- OCR library: local only (no Google Vision / Azure) per out-of-scope declaration in REQUIREMENTS.md
- CoT stripping: both in Dify workflow (WKFL-01) and as backend safety net (WKFL-04) — defense in depth
- Hide forward button entirely on last wizard step rather than disabling it (06-01)
- CoT stripping uses re.sub with DOTALL for multiline think tags; logs warning not error (07-02)
- OCR detection threshold: 100 characters for image-based PDF classification (08-01)
- OCR timeout: 30 seconds with asyncio.wait_for; 5MB file size limit (08-01)
- OCR errors use generic user-facing messages without "OCR" terminology (08-01)

### Pending Todos

None.

### Blockers/Concerns

- Dify Cloud free tier limited to 200 message credits — Professional tier ($59/mo) needed for real usage
- OCR accuracy on low-quality scans is inherently limited; v1.1 scope is best-effort with local OCR only

## Session Continuity

Last session: 2026-02-20
Stopped at: Completed 08-01-PLAN.md
Resume: Phase 8 plan 1/2 complete -- proceed to plan 02

Commit message:

docs(08-02): complete OCR error handling and tests plan
- SUMMARY.md: OCR error classification, i18n messages, unit tests
- STATE.md: Phase 8 complete (2/2 plans)
- ROADMAP.md: v1.1 Quality & OCR milestone shipped

.planning/STATE.md, after:

# Project State

## Project Reference

See: .planning/PROJECT.md (updated 2026-02-20)

**Core value:** 用户上传一份中文简历，经过结构化提取、日文翻译、人工审核修正后，得到两份符合日本企业招聘标准的PDF简历（履歴書 + 職務経歴書）
**Current focus:** v1.1 Quality & OCR — Phase 8: OCR Support

## Current Position

```
Milestone : v1.1 Quality & OCR
Phase     : 8 — OCR Support (Complete)
Plan      : 2 of 2 complete
Status    : Phase 8 complete — OCR integration and error handling
Progress  : [███░░░░░░░] 33% (1/3 phases complete)
```

Last activity: 2026-02-20 — Completed 08-02 (OCR error handling and tests)

## Performance Metrics

| Metric | v1.0 | v1.1 Target |
|--------|------|-------------|
| Phases complete | 5/5 | 0/3 |
| Plans complete | 14/14 | 2/TBD |
| Requirements mapped | 17/17 | 3/9 |
| Phase 08-ocr-support P01 | 5min | 2 tasks | 3 files |
| Phase 08-ocr-support P02 | 6min | 2 tasks | 4 files |

## Accumulated Context

### Decisions

All major decisions logged in PROJECT.md Key Decisions table.

**v1.1 specific:**
- OCR library: local only (no Google Vision / Azure) per out-of-scope declaration in REQUIREMENTS.md
- CoT stripping: both in Dify workflow (WKFL-01) and as backend safety net (WKFL-04) — defense in depth
- Hide forward button entirely on last wizard step rather than disabling it (06-01)
- CoT stripping uses re.sub with DOTALL for multiline think tags; logs warning not error (07-02)
- OCR detection threshold: 100 characters for image-based PDF classification (08-01)
- OCR timeout: 30 seconds with asyncio.wait_for; 5MB file size limit (08-01)
- OCR errors use generic user-facing messages without "OCR" terminology (08-01)
- OCR errors classified as 'ocr' type with 503 status mapped to OCR when in OCR context (08-02)

### Pending Todos

None.

### Blockers/Concerns

- Dify Cloud free tier limited to 200 message credits — Professional tier ($59/mo) needed for real usage
- OCR accuracy on low-quality scans is inherently limited; v1.1 scope is best-effort with local OCR only

## Session Continuity

Last session: 2026-02-20
Stopped at: Completed 08-02-PLAN.md
Resume: Phase 8 complete (2/2 plans) -- ready for milestone completion or next phase
